salida de Nino is actually old by King
Kamehameha back to the day it was a
purchase back in 1864 by Elijah Sinclair
it was actually a big of is a big family
from England we used to raise cattle
they purchased the land for about ten
thousand dollars of back in the day you
know to raise their cattle and they kind
of kept it in the family ever since
the island is an amazing
not too many people can come across here
I'm one of a few commercial fishermen on
the island as a boat that will actually
come across
it's a great place where fishing I just
gotta take know what you need let the
rest go
some big fish
feels on another one on the LVR I don't
know what it is yet 895 is giving a true
workout today he's a pro
he knows what are you doing I think
about the conquest bill can it handle it
or not the conquest beautiful drags on
believe it with spoon tell me about the
ex ship execute you so much more power
when you try and torque down on the fish
it's unbelievable what the Japanese can
do with these reels now i meanthis real
was years and years ago is like the size
of a 50 now we can sit here that's the
size of a little baby Bantam that you'd
use catching a pass
Crikey's let me know if you need me to
take the rock
life
yeah what we got
decent fish they tell me about the drag
system on that conquest like how many
pals drag doesn't have 15 pounds and
start to emiem material very smooth
having no problem with this fish but
this is not what this real was built for
now what about the rod I mean what's the
breaking strength on that I think when
we're up in Loomis's 40-something towns
you know
you know the frame on that conquest is
it machined aluminum or it is it is the
she's from one solid piece
one piece
what we got
ok
Brophy oh yeah raw soaked up on the LBR
key terminology i created live bait
ready putting the conquest and the 895
glx to use today so far there's been no
disaster I don't know who's bigger the
fish or Ross
what's happening
oh man
no John Ross
dude it's getting late nice fish
everybody's had a little workout with
the 895 glx in the conquest on the LBR
my favorite anyway man we're beat down
we're tired you got a four hour drive
back and we got you a smallmouth fishing
the river to absolutely it's a total
change of pace that can be quite big but
just know we're going to put the stellas
to the test some lighter interacts
spinner rods you know we're gonna see
what happens it's gonna be an adventure
rangel kayaking yeah a little different
than here but i'm looking forward to
it's been a great day appreciate our
guide cody van and twitter twitter
Wallace and I mean everything worked out
one of those awesome day make sure to
LIKE share and comment on this blog for
extra entries into the gear giveaway
check us out next week we're going to
have some more action on the river all
this gear somebody is going to win all
you need to do is go to the tackle
warehouse facebook page and click on the
gear giveaway tab on the left side of
the page second throw I've ever made
with the new v6x rods from luma see
let's say I like this SBS infinity
braking system is the deal I mean you
can make on the water on the fly
adjustments